We're going to do another kind of cool ninja trick here with our time remapping function.
So I'm going to right click this clip and I'm going to bring up again the time remapping function.
And I'm going to remaps the beginning of this clip.
Let's add a key frame about right there and let's speed up the beginning of the clip.
So I'm even going to push it up a little bit more just to get that extra push through that first frame
and kind of give the shot a little extra sauce.
OK, cool.
I feel like now it rides the beat a little bit better.
You see how it gives the throw down right there, just a little bit more of a wimpiness that we want
for this specific scenario, and we're going to listen to the beat to see when the next time we should
cut should be.
Yeah, it's looking pretty good.
This cut right here is a little bit late.
So I'm going to scoot everything over.
Hold command.
Hit the left arrow.
I think this point right here where the song kind of that will be a good point to end the video, so
I'm just going to do a little mini fade at the end there, pen tool.
OK, it's OK.
It ends a little bit abruptly.
It's kind of one of those more punchy styles of edits, it doesn't really need to be any longer than
15 seconds.
So let's see what we can fit in that time frame.
And the higher the frequency of cutting that we're doing.
The higher the energy is going to fuel the edit.
So we're going to even squeeze these things even into a shorter time frame.
I want to cut it while that battery is still on its way out of the camera, because that's going to
cut really smoothly into this motion.
And this is going to be a perfect time to be able to do some skipping forward, this is kind of another
aesthetic artistic decision, same way that we did this time remapping here or we sped the clip up.
But for this one specifically, because there's a cool thing that's spinning in frame, I think it'll
look cool stylistically to do some jump cuts, jumping forward.
If you're doing normal storytelling, you don't want to break continuity and do jump cuts.
It can be a little bit not look so good.
But when it's done purposefully for a specific look, I think it works.
So let's find out where we want to do these cuts to the beat.
OK.
Right there.
And there's something I want to share here.
So let's change the color of this clip so we know we're focusing on make this purpose, OK.
And since I want to do these jump cuts, I'm to show you two ways to do it.
The first way is a normal way and the second way, the upgraded ninja way.
OK.
I think that's going to be the phrase we're going to start using throughout this course.
So I'm going to choose where I want to cut.
And there's a we can go and we can select our clip.
Let the track play and hit the marker or the end key to create markers of where we know the beat is
and where we want to make the cuts.
So let's see what that looks like when I do that.
So where these four markers are, that is where a cut can be.
That's writing the beat.
So now we can make these cuts.
And I'm going to duplicate this clip so that I can show you the two different ways we can go about making
these jump jump cuts moving forward in time.
So I'm going to hold Alz, drag my clip up, and now we have a new clip we can work with.
So on this first beat where we want to make our cut, we can make a cut and then make another cut and
drag our clip across to create this first jump cut.
OK, we can go to the next one.
Create a cut.
And skip forward a little bit more.
And see what that looks like.
OK.
And I'm thinking that that'll be perfect timing,
perfect to go into the blue cliff here.
So that is option one.
You click drag, click, drag.
I want to show you a shortcut that's going to save you some time when you're doing it.
So we're going to create another clip and I'm going to do a cut again, like I did before.
But instead of making a cut, clicking, dragging, what I'm going to use on this clip is the slip tool.
And the slip tool is essentially letting you leave that clip in the same physical place.
But you're scrubbing through the clip, changing the time frame that is being used in that clip without
physically movie.
So it's a lot easier when you have a very complex timeline to not have to like drag and then drag over
and potentially mess up other clips.
So we're going to make that cut that we just did.
I'm going to hit you for the slot tool, and then I'm going to click and drag.
And you can see as I'm scrubbing through what I just did was without moving or dragging this clip physically,
what I did was dragged the time frame.
So it skips forward, right?
It's a same exact process, but a little bit more clean than the way we did it right here.
And now I'm going to do it again.
I'm going to make it cut.
And instead of stretching out this clip, making the cut and dragging it over, what I'm going to do
is select the clip, hit y for the slip tool and I'm going to click and drag.
So that we're scrubbing through that clip.
And skipping ahead in time, I'm going to hit Veha to get back to my normal arrow tool.
Oh, and there we go.
Two very quick ways to create a tasteful jumpcut.